W-13743185 Exchange usage and engagement content for GA jh (#255)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/usage-and-engagement-metrics.adoc

= Usage and Engagement Metrics
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> Exchange provides usage and engagement metrics for administrators and asset owners to gain insight into the consumption and user engagement of their API specification fragments and REST API assets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Exchange, administrators and asset owners can gain insight into the consumption and user engagement of their API specification fragments and REST API assets. 
```

The usage metrics measure:

* The number of times the asset was downloaded from Exchange.
* The number of imports from API Designer.
* The number of imports from Anypoint Studio.
* The number of dependents for the asset.
* The number of contracts for the asset. 

The asset engagement score is a composite metric that administrators and asset owners can use to measure the usage of the assets in Exchange. 

Administrators can view the *Usage and engagement metrics* dashboard for metrics of API specification fragments and REST API assets in an organization. Administrators and asset owners with the Exchange contributor permission can view usage and engagement metrics for a specific asset version from the asset details page. You can share data by exporting metrics to a CSV file.

Users with starter and industry license packages cannot access the usage and engagement metrics.

Exchange assets capture usage and engagement metrics to:

> * Drive growth, engagement, and reuse across the entire catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Drive growth and engagement, and reuse across the entire catalog.
```

Reviewer: What can be reused? Can we say "and to reuse assets" 
I don't know if that's accurate, so you can decide on that one.

Author: Yes, I will change it to "reuse assets for clarity.

+
Access usage metrics and engagement scores to get a composite view into how your assets are being utilized.

> * Track and manage asset adoption with out of the box dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Track and manage asset adoption with out-of-the-box dashboards.
```
